| time | status | user agent |  |
| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |
| Make a request to see history. |

#### URL Expired

The URL for this request expired after 30 days.

> 📘
>
> ### Notes:   [Skip link to Notes:](https://docs.transak.com/reference/get-price\#notes)
>
> 1. Although **fiatAmount** and **cryptoAmount** are both not required together, you need to pass at least one of them in all _isBuyOrSell: "BUY"_ cases. Our recommendation would be to pass **fiatAmount** in such cases. If both **fiatAmount** and **cryptoAmount** are passed in case of _isBuyOrSell: "BUY"_ then **cryptoAmount** would take precedence
> 2. In case of _isBuyOrSell: "SELL"_, **cryptoAmount** is a required param. If **fiatAmount** is passed in such cases, then it will be ignored
> 3. **quoteCountryCode** is an optional param which should be passed in case you want to ensure consistency in pricing that user sees on your platform as well as ours. In case an invalid ISO 3166 Alpha-2 country code is passed then this param will not be honored.
>
>
>    Please refer to [this](https://docs.transak.com/docs/get-price-quotecountrycode) page for detailed information about the usage of `quoteCountryCode`.

partnerApiKey

string

required

Defaults to YOUR\_API\_KEY

Your API Key which you can get it from [https://dashboard.transak.com](https://dashboard.transak.com/)

fiatCurrency

string

required

Defaults to GBP

Fiat currency symbol

cryptoCurrency

string

required

Defaults to ETH

Crypto currency symbol

isBuyOrSell

string

required

Defaults to BUY

Is BUY or SELL order

network

string

required

Defaults to ethereum

CryptoCurrency network. This field is required if we are supporting multiple networks of the cryptocurrency

paymentMethod

string

required

Defaults to credit\_debit\_card

Payment method. You can get the payment method id from getFiatCurrencies endpoint

fiatAmount

float

Defaults to 100

Amount in fiat currency

cryptoAmount

float

Amount in crypto currency

quoteCountryCode

string

ISO 3166 Alpha-2 Country Code

# `` 200      200

Updated 3 months ago

* * *

Did this page help you?

Yes

No

ShellNodeRubyPHPPython

```

xxxxxxxxxx

1curl --request GET \

2     --url 'https://api-stg.transak.com/api/v1/pricing/public/quotes?partnerApiKey=YOUR_API_KEY&fiatCurrency=GBP&cryptoCurrency=ETH&isBuyOrSell=BUY&network=ethereum&paymentMethod=credit_debit_card&fiatAmount=100' \

3     --header 'accept: application/json'

```

Click `Try It!` to start a request and see the response here! Or choose an example:

application/json

`` 200 - Success

Updated 3 months ago

* * *

Did this page help you?

Yes

No